feat: Add Service on Daemonset (#755)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts: charts/opentelemetry-collector/templates/NOTES.txt

{{- if .Values.presets.kubernetesEvents.enabled }}
[WARNING] The 'k8sobjects' is a ALPHA receiver and may be changed anytime.
{{ end }}

{{- if .Values.service.serviceForDaemonset }}
{{- if not (eq .Values.mode "daemonset") }}
{{- fail "Enabling serviceForDaemonset is only suitable for daemonset mode. Please use daemonset mode to enable it."}}
{{ end }}
{{- if eq .Values.service.internalTrafficPolicy "Cluster" }}

> [WARNING] Setting internalTrafficPolicy to 'Cluster' on Daemonset is not recommended. Please set it to 'Local' instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING] Setting internalTrafficPolicy to 'Cluster' on Daemonset is not recommended. Consider using 'Local' instead.
```

{{- if .Values.presets.kubernetesEvents.enabled }}
[WARNING] The 'k8sobjects' is a ALPHA receiver and may be changed anytime.
{{ end }}

{{- if .Values.service.serviceForDaemonset }}
{{- if not (eq .Values.mode "daemonset") }}
{{- fail "Enabling serviceForDaemonset is only suitable for daemonset mode. Please use daemonset mode to enable it."}}
{{ end }}

> {{ end }}

Reviewer: Please also add a warning is mode is daemonset and the mode is set to cluster.

Author: Done! :)
